Error on 2D coordinate with observer='self' (#5358)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/5358.bugfix.rst

> Constructing a coordinate in the ``'heliographic_carrington'`` frame with ``observer='self'``
> but without specifying ``radius`` now raises an error upon creation. This is because a full
> 3D coordinate is needed to fully define the observer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Constructing a 2D coordinate in the `~sunpy.coordinates.frames.HeliographicCarrington` frame with ``observer='self'`` now raises an error upon creation.
When specifying ``observer='self'``, the ``radius`` coordinate component serves as the Sun-observer distance that is necessary to fully define the Carrington heliographic coordinates.
```
